name may be confusing, as for example the categorized school may not be characterized by people from one area solely.
And needless to say, it is common that building of system of idea and thinking involves inspiration by others.

==first view==
pragmatism (which mainly generates from us thinkings) does a real challenge to continential philosophy, and the later progress by answering the questions (of course facing the challenge first).


==notes==
1. why it is rational(or moral?) of me to read phil texts of xxx now?

2. Can the process of checking the determination repeatedly to the "full-determination" status in previous experience be a "natural" way of being "full-determination"?
//can this process be generalized and be modeled for observation ?(observation of xxx?)

3. maybe question before 2 --- what's the relationship between being full-determination and rational?

4. maybe question before 2 --- Does this full-determination directly result from escape of reality of myself? Does this full-determination result from pursuit of superiority over(?) others in rationality? Is this pursuit rational? 

depend on whether seeking of truth generates from hopeless of the inability of surrounding view to provide even rough explanation, nonethless to say it providing justification of actions. --- right?
problem is that why you have no view then? if no view is the truth, then rational action should be build oneself, not pursuit of superiority.
this pursuit may reflect a view --- you think you can certainly do better than others in seeking truth, or precisely -- to build a system of thinking sincerely, that is to say you are more sincere or conciously than others.

a fact is that you have face the obviously higher probability of death, or even death itself. So can we draw a conclusion that you have this ability(superiority) in such condition?

moreover, what about "after" this condition?

a more simple try of explanation is that you want your brain to run in a clear mode --- more near the perfect status of unaffectable by "non-consciousness" men/women.
this explanation seems pervasive for me. Em, but at previous "full-determination" status the elevation to higher rationality does not show any discrimination from my viewpoint at that time, and now i think if it has discrimination, it has clearly less than now, it shows deep respect of every life and of course deep and intimate understanding and real look at others which is a prerequisite of respect.

//todo: logo centrism, contexualism, local language game, insight into the fundamental primacy of practice over theory.